plunder and welcome to the weather in southern Germany has it
since yesterday evening he poured out of buckets they see the rain buzzing here
map
yesterday 19 to today 19 clock
especially the east of Baden-württemberg and the west
Bayern are here
In the evening partly more than 80 liters per square meter in the west
"We're still relatively dry this month over there and there we were
too much rain usually only so a maximum of ten liters per square meter 900 out of that
nothing happens Lower Saxony Schleswig-Holstein
mecklenburg
but also the north of Brandenburg and Saxony-Anhalt have not yet
too much notice
in the south, there were really some torrential rain amounts
Gräfenberg a hundred 21 liters per square meter in 24 hours
in some animals 80 liters in Schwarzenberg in the Erzgebirge 61 and Bad
Waldsee in Upper Swabia got 64 liters of rain per square meter
It will be even in the next few hours, especially in the
The south and southeast of this ring area is now shifting more and more
to the east and northeast that is also affected by Saxony since it can be found in
the night and morning morning rain still strong otherwise we stay
under the influence of low pressure humid air comes to us and that means also for
tomorrow there are always showers or thunderstorms
January after the main round still in the southeast of Bavaria out to the Lausitz
there also some larger rainfall short time
then, from time to time, there are a few showers in the far west
mostly dry and easy cloudy
Below this, mist can form, for example, in the southwest at the
Air is quite humid and the temperature goes back to values ​​between 16 and
10 degrees
Maren Morning Thermal sunny sections in the north of Schleswig-Holstein
Lower Saxony it is not even too rude to continue from the Baltic Sea
across the Lusatia down to the southeast of Bavaria many always wanted
again wet partly also some heavy rain otherwise than longer as I said
dry sections and some sun during the afternoon
But the rain showers can intensify again and strongest
They then fail from North Rhine-Westphalia over to the
Ore Mountains are showering everywhere but will not hit everyone
and in between it sometimes the sun carries the skin
then focuses mainly direction Erzgebirge temperatures on
Afternoon just values ​​between 17 and 22 degrees and he wants testers too
noticeable associations in the north here could be from north to northwest Arnold and
Counting fresh up to the part even strongly in value because New Year's Eve against it
mostly weak from western directions
as changeable as second on Friday since the East many always wanted
again after
otherwise single showers and thunderstorms in the north mostly dry with longer ones
sunny sections and the Saturday with a matinee very little can always
Boston has to deal with the fact that most people have had a lot of rain
dry with maximum temperatures
Carla once 18 to 21 degrees as real summer weather that always leaves
still waiting for a nice evening in the first